added Eclipse Cyclone DDS (#581)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/DDS-and-ROS-middleware-implementations.rst

ROS 2 is built on top of DDS/RTPS as its middleware, which provides discovery, serialization and transportation.
`This article <http://design.ros2.org/articles/ros_on_dds.html>`__ explains the motivation behind using DDS implementations, and/or the RTPS wire protocol of DDS, in detail, but in summary DDS is an end-to-end middleware that provides features which are relevant to ROS systems, such as distributed discovery (not centralized like in ROS 1) and control over different "Quality of Service" options for the transportation.

> `DDS <http://portals.omg.org/dds/>`__ is an industry standard which is then implemented by a range of organizations and vendors, such as Eclipse IoT open source project `Eclipse Cyclone DDS <https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds>`__ or RTI's implementation `Connext <https://www.rti.com/products/>`__.  `DDSI-RTPS <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDSI-RTPS/About-DDSI-RTPS/>`__\  is the wire protocol used by DDS to communicate over the network, and there are implementations which do not fulfill the full DDS API, but provide sufficient functionality for ROS 2, such as eProsima's implementation `Fast RTPS <http://www.eprosima.com/index.php/products-all/eprosima-fast-rtps>`__.

Reviewer: Rearranging the order to mention CycloneDDS first seems off to me.

Also each sentence must start on a new line to avoid running diffs like this.

Author: lead with open source since ROS is open source? thx for tip re new line

Reviewer: > lead with open source since ROS is open source?

Please keep the ordering unchanged since that is orthogonal to this change - simply to avoid a lengthy discussion on the topic.

> thx for tip re new line

Please add the newline then to follow the code style.

`DDS <http://portals.omg.org/dds/>`__ is an industry standard which is then implemented by a range of organizations and vendors, such as Eclipse IoT open source project `Eclipse Cyclone DDS <https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds>`__ or RTI's implementation `Connext <https://www.rti.com/products/>`__.  `DDSI-RTPS <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDSI-RTPS/About-DDSI-RTPS/>`__\  is the wire protocol used by DDS to communicate over the network, and there are implementations which do not fulfill the full DDS API, but provide sufficient functionality for ROS 2, such as eProsima's implementation `Fast RTPS <http://www.eprosima.com/index.php/products-all/eprosima-fast-rtps>`__.

ROS 2 supports multiple DDS/RTPS implementations because it is not necessarily "one size fits all" when it comes to choosing a vendor/implementation.
There are many factors you might consider while choosing a middleware implementation: logistical considerations like the license, or technical considerations like platform availability, or computation footprint.
Vendors may provide more than one DDS or RTPS implementation targeted at meeting different needs.

> For example, RTI has a few variations of their Connext implementation that vary in purpose, like one that specifically targets microcontrollers and another which targets applications requiring special safety certifications (we only support their standard desktop version at this time).

Reviewer: What is the rational to remove these?

Author: @dirk-thomas line 15 is fine. Line 16 might also be fine. I thought line 17 is an old reference to something(s) no longer supported in ROS 2. I got that impressions because elsewhere in same doc it says "Support paused. Full support until alpha 8.*"

Reviewer: > line 15 is fine. Line 16 might also be fine.

Then please don't remove them.

> I thought line 17 is an old reference to something(s) no longer supported in ROS 2.

I assume you are referring to `rmw_connext_dynamic_cpp` which is true that it is not supported anymore. But there are also other RMW impl. based on e.g. Connext Micro. So that sentence should stay too.

     - Apache 2
     - ``rmw_fastrtps_cpp``
     - Full support. Default RMW. Packaged with binary releases.
   * - *Eclipse Cyclone DDS* a project of Eclipse IoT and OpenADx WG
     - Eclipse Public License v. 2.0
     - ``rmw_cyclonedds_cpp``

>      - Full support. Tier-1 RMW in Foxy. Packaged with binary releases.

Reviewer: For neither of the other implementations the tier-level is mentioned. Either remote for the addition or consistently add it to all. (I think the former is better to avoid duplicating the actual status which is captured in the REP.)

Author: ```suggestion
     - Full support. Packaged with binary releases.
```

     - commercial, research
     - ``rmw_connext_dynamic_cpp``
     - Support paused. Full support until alpha 8.*
   * - ADLINK *Opensplice DDS*
     - Apache 2, commercial
     - ``rmw_opensplice_cpp``

>      - Partial support. Support included in binaries until Foxy. OpenSplice is installed separately.

Reviewer: I would rather mention the last distro where OpenSplice was included - Eloquent - not the one which it is not available anymore.

Author: ```suggestion
     - Partial support. Support included in binaries up to Eloquent. OpenSplice is installed separately.
```
